README.md, before:

# DrawUML Backend

# Design Overview

The software can be divided in this 3 main layers
The dataprocessing layer processes the classes which arrive from the front end one by one
the file generation layer generates the files such as the diagram file and the _types file
this cna be organised by routines such that makes the design more modular and easily testable


<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; width: 100%;">
  <img src="/software_architecture.jpg" alt="draw uml schema" srcset="" style="width: 50%;">
</div>

The api endpoints can foolow the following convention
``/method/version/file_type/file_type_metadata``
for instance:
``/create/new/diagram``
``get/existing/python/code``
``create/new/python/type``

in the source code the response_code_path refers to the json generated from the existing source code
new_response code path is the json generated from the UI and this should be converted into the
response_code_path into the common format  

## Tests
the only test is the integration test `test_app.py`

## Improvements

- [ ] add the lambda field default_factory on fields where the types are not builtins
- [ ] should the tests include an absolute path, or a path generated using the os module
- [x] remove the clean up method from the BaseClass
- [x] increase the scalability of the app by allow it to analys multiple classes
- [ ] add an endpoint for dataclas and not dataclass
- [ ] the structure of the codebase can be characterised by having a `python` folder and a `typescript` folder at the root
      these are where their respective files are stored
      then there is a read_only folder where the files are read from
      and a response folder where the response to the existing code is written too
- [x] make tests for the output and the tests file generated
- [ ] make the system type safe and make the tests
- [ ] when you submit existing code and the fields are already assignerd, the assignment statement is considered as a type
- [x] return the original name of each without the output_ in front of it
- [x] add a _base.variable to each test file with the variables passed to initialise the test class within the setup
for instance import _base.filename if the test class needs to be called with a filename variable, the user will then be able to pass all those variables from the _base file which should also be downloaded
- [ ] adjust the types that you include on the tests so that you are not checking the types of the type
- [ ] only the last variable is saved from methods when you create a class from existing code
- [ ] please remove the edge cases from the io tests
- [ ] include guard clauses on public methods ?
- [ ] don't write tests for internal methods
- [x] a include th manual testing to the files generated, where there are relevant imports and the classes are instantiated, this is ueseful for more complicated functions, where harded debuggining needs to be carried out which will otherwise be two hard to be performed on the automated test. once the manual tests pass you can run the automated test

Commit message:

changed the documentation and updated the server code

README.md, after:

# DrawUML Backend

# Design Overview

The software can be divided in this 3 main layers
The dataprocessing layer processes the classes which arrive from the front end one by one
the file generation layer generates the files such as the diagram file and the _types file
this cna be organised by routines such that makes the design more modular and easily testable


<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; width: 100%;">
  <img src="/software_architecture.jpg" alt="draw uml schema" srcset="" style="width: 50%;">
</div>

The api endpoints can foolow the following convention
``/method/version/file_type/file_type_metadata``
for instance:
``/create/new/diagram``
``get/existing/python/code``
``create/new/python/type``

in the source code the response_code_path refers to the json generated from the existing source code
new_response code path is the json generated from the UI and this should be converted into the
response_code_path into the common format  

## Tests
the only test is the integration test `test_routines.py` however a better way to test the code is to run the gunicorn instance locally, and then either copy and paste the response of the diagram from the frontend
or copy the code that you want to paste as existing code

## Improvements

- [x] add the lambda field default_factory on fields where the types are not builtins
- [x] should the tests include an absolute path, or a path generated using the os module
- [x] remove the clean up method from the BaseClass
- [x] increase the scalability of the app by allow it to analys multiple classes
- [ ] add an endpoint for dataclas and not dataclass
- [ ] the structure of the codebase can be characterised by having a `python` folder and a `typescript` folder at the root
      these are where their respective files are stored
      then there is a read_only folder where the files are read from
      and a response folder where the response to the existing code is written too
- [x] make tests for the output and the tests file generated
- [ ] make the system type safe and make the tests
- [ ] when you submit existing code and the fields are already assignerd, the assignment statement is considered as a type
- [x] return the original name of each without the output_ in front of it
- [x] add a _base.variable to each test file with the variables passed to initialise the test class within the setup
for instance import _base.filename if the test class needs to be called with a filename variable, the user will then be able to pass all those variables from the _base file which should also be downloaded
- [ ] adjust the types that you include on the tests so that you are not checking the types of the type
- [ ] only the last variable is saved from methods when you create a class from existing code
- [ ] please remove the edge cases from the io tests
- [ ] include guard clauses on public methods ?
- [ ] don't write tests for internal methods
- [x] a include th manual testing to the files generated, where there are relevant imports and the classes are instantiated, this is ueseful for more complicated functions, where harded debuggining needs to be carried out which will otherwise be two hard to be performed on the automated test. once the manual tests pass you can run the automated test
- [ ] the system cannot convert private methods as they are percived both as fields and methods
rename the private methods with a __method_name()
- [ ] this can be futher improved by allowing the user to choose what to create:
```python
@app.post('/create/{format}/files/{dataclasses}/{with_types}')
async def create_new_diagram(dataclasses: bool,format: bool, with_types: bool, diagram=Body(...)):
    # refresh the output folder
    shutil.rmtree(BASE_OUTPUT_RESPONSE_PATH)
    os.mkdir(BASE_OUTPUT_RESPONSE_PATH)
    # write the diagram to the new code response  code path
    File(Path(new_code_response)).write_json(diagram)
    # get the number of objects created
    for object_id in range(len(diagram[0])):
        routine(object_id, new=format, diagram=True, types=with_types, code=True, test=True,dataclass=dataclasses)
    return {"response": "okay"}
```
this would then correlate to radio buttons from the client side which will generate the required request
